Final Project
Taylor O'Brien
CS 425

	How to Play:
		I created an instructions page, but with going into more detail.. 
		Use the arrow Keys to move, space to jump and X to stun the ninjas. You are trying to get out of
		the maze, by avoiding all robots and ninjas. The robots are protecting the key to the door, but you
		must turn off their power before getting the key. The power button is a small yellow power button, the alarm will go off
		when you step on it, represented by red flashing lights (shown on walls). You can stun the ninjas but that only lasts for 5
		seconds. There is also a powerup box that will allow you to jump higher, but only for a small amount
		of time. Be careful with the powerup though, the ninjas messed with it and there's a chance it won't
		always work (Double jump helps!). The walls are a little sticky, so if you get stuck try backing up and try to go 
		forward again. (To help out - the point is to get the power up, jump up on the panels to get over where the robots
		are, turn off the power, get the key, and exit through the door). 
	

	1. I used Ogre to make a 3D prototype, and the character has an impact on the world.
	2. Three different game states:
		a. Normal Game Play - ninjas are moving at normal speed, robots are shooting, player can't "high jump"
		b. Player picks up power-up and can now high jump
		c. Player turns off power button, allowing the ninjas to move faster, and the robots are no longer shooting
		d. the Player can stun the ninjas, for 5 seconds, causing the ninjas to change animation state and stop moving.
	3. The ninjas, robots, are animated (the ogre is too, but you cant see that)
	4. Elements of chance or luck: 
		the biggest chance/luck in this game is where the ninjas move. You could have a really easy time if the ninjas are
		not moving/don't get in your path way, since their movement is randomized. 
	5. Levels: there are three different levels that are different, along with a start screen.
	6. i used A* pathfinding for the ninjas. 
	7. Physics/Collision: theres a lot of collision with the power up, power button, walls, ninjas, etc. And there is also physics
		implemented in the character's jump.
	8. the gui represents health, the stun cooldown timer and also shows the current level. There is also one sound used for the 
		robots shooting.
	9/10. I think it's pretty different from others this semester, and hopefully it is fun!
	11. I went through and commented all of the header files to show what the variable/function does.
	12. I included my video in the project, but it is also on youtube if that is easier: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s__FTGA0WPw
		The images are in the folder
	
			
	

For the particle system:
I created my own. It should work if placed in the media/particle folder with the other Examples held in that folder.
For the music:
I had to place the music files in the Ogre folder to get them to work: OgreDirectory/bin/debug	

Bugs/Comments:
	The walls are sticky, and the jumping is a little messed up. Both were very hard to deal with, 
	  and I got them as close to working as I could. The ninjas also stop sometimes when not stunned (and they still hurt you) but
	  this is due to them not being able to find a path to the node they were told to go to, and its only refreshed every 10 seconds
	  so the game would run a tad faster. My fps is around 17-20, so I hope the game looks similar on your computer as it did on mine!
	  Thanks for a great semester - sad I won't be having you for CS426. 